This chest is really
Can you see this?
This team is so big
Does Your Majesty look good?
Where does it look good?
You see this leg is the same as my mic
Look at this chest and Aoi
Queen, why are you here?
My sister is peeking at you in the shower
Show mercy under the sword of Aifei
Give me a reason first
The sword was only 0.01 cm from my throat at that time
But a second later
The mistress of that sword will forgive me completely
Because I decided to tell a lie
Aifei, do you know the furthest distance in the world?
What is it?
It is not the distance between life and death
But you are in front of my eyes
But you don't know that I love you?
Keep talking about love
I won't bother you here.
Hey, sister, don't go yet
Aifei don't go